Updated to include stake-weighted voting power (#244)
oasislabs/docs: src/operators/incentives-proposal.md

  During this time, staked tokens are at risk of getting slashed for
  double-signing and do not accrue rewards during this time.

* **Consensus Voting power**: The current voting power mechanism is stake-
  weighted. In this model, the network will require signatures by validators

>   representing +⅔ of the total stake of the committee to sign a block.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  representing +2/3 of the total stake of the committee to sign a block.
```
